MOBSTER 1:
Hey, hey, hey!
[GRUNTS]
MOBSTER 2:
What the fuck?
[CHOKES]
[TIRES SCREECHING][HORNS BLARING]
DON:
Wait
I gotta call it in!
[HORN BLARING]
MAN: Move it!
[GUNSHOTS]
[MOBSTER 3 GRUNTS]
MOBSTER 4: Hey!
Bobby, you hear me?
Right there, motherfucker!
[GUNSHOTS][MAN GROANING]
[LITTLE TONY GRUNTING]
LITTLE TONY:
Please!
Just fucking stop, man!
Just put the gun down!
Come on.
[WHIMPERING]
Please.
I'm fucking begging you.
I didn't touch him!
I didn't touch that old man!
I wasn't even...
[GROANS][THUD]
[GUN COCKS]
YOUNG CHRIS:
Worse on Frida
Died on Saturday
Buried on Sunday
That was the end
Of Solomon Grundy
Solomon Grundy
Born on a Monday
Christened on Tuesday
[YOUNG JUSTINE WHIMPERING]Justine, please.
NEUROLOGIST:
It's calle
"stimming," self-stimulation.
Whereas you and I might
tap our fingers...
grind our teeth,
bite our nails...
your son rocks
back and forth.
It's more obvious,
but perfectly natural.
We came here because
we heard you
specialized in, uh...
What is it?
What does he have?
I'm not a fan
of labels, ma'am.
Your son is
a remarkable young man.
CHRIS' MOTHER:
Who goes crazy
when you turn the vacuum on.
He wears one T-shirt,
won't let you hug him.
NEUROLOGIST:
Loud noises, bright lights...
can be especially difficult
for someone like your son.
The shirt, most likely
fabric sensitivity.
[YOUNG JUSTINE WHIMPERING]
Hugging,
closeness, touching...
Justine, no shoes today.
That can be a challenge,
yes.
CHRIS' MOTHER:
When it'
somebody else's child...
it's a challenge.
When it's yours...
it's a problem.
My practice focuses
on education.
I'd like to work with
your son, at his speed.
Help him develop the skills
he'll need to
lead a full life.
Communicating,
eye contact...
understanding
non-verbal cues...
making friends.
CHRIS' MOTHER:
The only frien
he has is his little brother.
I'm sure moving from base
to base hasn't helped.
My husband's in the Army,
which means we all are.
Would you be willing
to let your son
stay with us
for the summer...
free of charge,
working with me
in a sensory-friendly
environment?
That's not gonna happen.
If loud noises and
bright lights bother him...
he needs more of it,
not less.
The world is not
a sensory-friendly place...
and that's where
he needs to learn to live.
[WHIMPERING]
CHRIS' FATHER:
Not in here.
Doctor, in your opinion...
can our son lead
a normal life?
Define normal.
[GROANS] I need to finish!
I need to finish!
Solomon Grundy
Born on a Monday
Christened on Tuesday
Married on Wednesday
Sick on Thursday
Worse on Friday
Died on Saturday
Buried on Sunday
[YOUNG JUSTINE WHIMPERS]
I need to finish!
Solomon Grundy
Born on a Monday
Christened on Tuesday
Married on Wednesday
Sick on Thursday
Worse on Friday
Died on Saturday
Buried on Sunday
[PANTING
[WHIMPERS]
Hmm. Mmm.
[MUMBLING]
FRANK:
I, uh...
I never thought of myself
as a quitter.
Fourth-generation farmer.
But between
the property taxes...
and the fertilizer costs,
and insurance...
Oh, to hell with it.
What if, just temporarily,
mind you...
we put this year's taxes
on our credit card?
Do you like it?
I made it myself.
No, not particularly.
But do you ever sell one?
At church fairs
now and again.
Mrs. Rice, you may have
what the IRS calls
a "home-based business."
What room do you use in your
house when you make those?
I don't, really.
Just wherever
I happen to be, I guess.
In front of the TV,
at the kitchen table.
I like to spread
my beads out
in the dining room
but Frank gets...
Yes, it would be better if
you could try to remember...
the one specific space
that you use.
Your home is
2913 square feet.
IRS code allows us to deduct
from your taxable income...
a percentage of your workspace
relative to your overall home.
What...
Mr. Rice...
how big is your dining room?
Mrs. Rice's office.
[CHUCKLES] I wouldn't so much
as call it an office...
[FRANK CLEARS THROAT]DOLORES:
Oh.
It's, uh,
approximately 200, uh...
Well, make it
300 square feet.
Excellent. Mrs. Rice...
Dolores.
Dolores, when you order
supplies, do you order online?
I don't. I just zip on over
to the bead store.
Zip?
I drive the truck.
The company truck.
[SIRENS WAILING
AT A DISTANCE]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
RAY:
Come in.
BANK PRESIDENT: [ON PHONE]
Mr. King, you have wandered
so far outside
your legal purview.
As president of
Southern Gulf Bank,
I intend to protect
my customers' privacy.
Stop talking.
You have a very
cavalier attitude
for the president of a bank...
with such a piss-poor
capital cushion.
Now, I want a record
of every transaction
Abayed has had
for the past two years.
Deposits, withdrawals,
cashier's checks,
credit cards.
Birmingham or Bahrain,
it is now Treasury business.
Goodbye.
Medina.
Am I saying that correctly?
Medina, yes, sir.
I've read all your case files,
Director King.
It's impressive work. Very.
Marybeth Ascension Medina.
Graduated University
of Baltimore cum laude
with a degree
in criminal justice.
Two years Baltimore PD
as an analyst,
two more at Homeland,
analyst again...
and the last five years
here at Treasury.
Analyst.
You did the heavy lifting
on Agent Lorenz's
case last month.
I worked on it, yeah,
but Agent Lorenz...
Why haven't you applied
for promotion to agent?
You're already
doing the work.
Analyst is a good fit.
And I enjoy the work, so...
[CLICKS TONGUE]
Well, you're a liar, Medina.
Ward of the state of
Maryland's foster care
and juvenile
detention systems...
from age 11 to 18.
Weapons charges,
assault and battery.
Ouch.
Attempted murder.
Those records were sealed.
That a nine millimeter?
.45.
You better sit your
ass back down
in that chair, young lady.
This is a big moment for you.
Make a good choice.
Lying on a federal employment
application is a felony.
So right now,
I'm the only thing standing
between you and
significant prison time.
What do you want?
Do you like puzzles,
Marybeth Medina?
FRANK: I meant
what I said, son.
You're welcome
out to the place anytime.
Do you fish?
I got a two-acre pond
that is just thick
with catfish and bass...
I don't fish. I shoot.
Well, the farm's
a perfect place
to do a little
plinkin', so...
Well...
Thank you.
You take care, son.
My daughter's
meeting me for lunch.
I think you two
just might hit it off.
Nice to see you.
RAY:
Already enhanced.
Was taken three years ago
in Antwerp
by an undercover
Interpol agent.
Their target's
on the far right.
Yeah, Zalmay Atta.
Go on.
Ran the world's largest
opium pipeline.
Ties to Karzai
and Ghani, Taliban.
I mean, he was considered
untouchable.
Look at the rest.
Tell me what you see.
Yeah, I remember
most of these arrests.
They were huge.
Focus.
They're not all arrests.
[CLEARS THROAT]
MARYBETH:
It's the same man.
"Lou Carroll."
For what it's worth,
it's an alias.
The Hong Kong photo goes back
about five years.
In that one,
he's "Carl Gauss."
Tokyo, Tel Aviv, Naples.
There was
a sighting in Tehran.
All describing the same man.
"An accountant."
"Our accountant."
"The accountant."
The accountant,
like CPA accountant?
[INHALES SHARPLY]
Okay.
Say you're the head of
the Sinaloa Cartel.
Now, the cartels
count their money...
by weighing it in
18-wheelers.
But one sunny Mexican day...
your in-house money scrubber
comes to you and says
you're 30 million light.
Who can you trust to do
the forensic accounting...
track your stolen cash?
Deloitte and Touche?
H&R Block?
You somehow...
contact an individual capable
of coming in cold...
un-cooking years of books...
and getting out alive.
I retire in seven months.
Before I do, I need to
know who he is.
How he does it.
I mean, who survives
this kind of clientele?
The secrets this guy has.
What exactly do you
want me to do?
Report directly to me.
No other case work.
No other Treasury
personnel involved.
At the end of the month,
one of two things
will have occurred.
Resolution of this case...
or we update your photo.
♪ Daylight come
♪ Daylight go
♪ How far will it reach
♪ Ain't nobody know
♪ When the dawn breaks
♪ The cradle will fall
♪ And down come baby
[BLOWS]
♪ Cradle and all
♪ A. E. I. O. U
♪ E. I. O. U
♪ A. E. I. O. U. I...
[ROCK MUSIC PLAYING]
CHRIS' MOTHER:
You want i
your way? You got it!
[YOUNG CHRIS SOBBING]
[YOUNG CHRIS SCREAMING]
Mom! Mom! Mom!
Mom! Why is Mom leaving?
Mom!
Mom! Mom!
[ARGUING]
We just got home.
You're always...
[SHATTERING]
[CONTINUES SCREAMING]
Mom! Why are you leaving?
CHRIS' FATHER:
I'm just asking you to stay.
Just, please stay.We had help!
Stay here!
Don't go anywhere!You threw it away!
[YOUNG CHRIS
CONTINUES SCREAMING]
No. Hey!
[STRUGGLING]
That's it.
Please don't leave...
[CHRIS' FATHER SHUSHING]
YOUNG CHRIS:
Mom!
CHRIS' FATHER:
Here we go, here we go.
Here we go.
Solomon Grundy
Born on a Monday
Christened on Tuesday
Married on a Wednesday
Sick on Thursday
[WHIMPERING]
Died on Saturday
Buried on Sunday
That was the end
of Solomon Grundy
Do it again.
Solomon Grundy
Born on a Monday
[BEEPING]
Looks like somebody's seen
too many westerns.
Yeah, must be what...
a mile out?
[CHUCKLES]
Not on my best day...
[GUNSHOT]
Holy shit! [SCOFFS]
[CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYING]
[EXHALES]
FRANCIS:
Okay, listen to me.
In-flec-tion. Right? Listen,
just listen to my tone.
I say, "Oh, I'm another
year older...
"and I don't know
if I'm ever gonna
get out of
this fucking place."
And you say...
You're probably right,
Francis. You're extremely old.
It's unlikely
you'll survive to...
No. Hold on.
That's not what you say.
[SIGHS] Two years
together every night.
I gave you a PhD
in black money,
but you gotta learn this.
This is crucial.You're frustrated.
What am I?You're frustrated.
That's what I am.
I'm frustrated.
Good, good. Excellent.
Finally. All right.
Let's do another one.
[BELL RINGING]
GUARD: [ON PA]
Lights out
ladies. Lights out.
FRANCIS: [WHISPERS]
Names and addresses. Go.
CHRIS: Semion Ivankov.
79 Primorsky
Boulevard, Odessa.
The Meier brothers,
Moshe and Itzhak.
221 She'arim Boulevard
in Jerusalem.
Dominic Rabito of
960 Court Street, Brooklyn.
FRANCIS:
Ask for Bobby.
CHRIS: Ask for Bobby.
FRANCIS: [SIGHS]
You know, I'm old.
I may be remembering things
a little rosier
than they were.
You want to fill out 1040s
and itemize deductions and...
pull in 50 grand a year?
That's a living.
Because if you go down
this road, this road...
you can't go back,
you understand?
It's dangerous.
Do you understand?
CHRIS: I understand.
FRANCIS:
You find one perso
you can trust, just one.
And do not make my mistake.
You keep moving
your ass around.
[SIGHS]
They gave me
a new handler today.
I don't like this guy.
He's dull.
Worried.
Ah, fuck it.
[INHALES]
Good night, son.
CHRIS:
Good night, Francis.
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
What about Zurich?
Saudi Arabia?
WOMAN: [ON PHONE
The Swiss are cheap.
Dubai is one thing,
but we're too conspicuous
in the Kingdom.
I vote Chicago.
Why?
There's an uptick
in online chatter.
People looking for you.
What people?
The unfriendly kind.
Let's try a legitimate
client for once.
No cartels, arms brokers,
money launderers, assassins.
I like safe.
I like you safe.
CHRIS:
Everyone's
hiding something.
At least there's
honor among thieves.
There's honor among Illinois
electronics manufacturers.
They're in your
current back yard.
No risk of movement.
You'll meet?
CHRIS:
Yeah, I'll meet.
One last piece of business.
Just the Renoir.
I don't have a buyer
for the Renoir.
The Pollock can move.
Will you ever let it go?
Hello?
Just the Renoir.
Drop the price.
Heavy sigh.
Go to work, dreamboat.
[INDISTINCT CHATTERING]
Now, Mr. Wolff, I half suspect
we're wasting your time.
I'm quite sure you're not.
And you know this how?
I'm on the clock.[SCOFFS]
Shit.
I hope we're not
wasting ours then.
Look, kidding aside,
I think if you saw our books,
you'd run for the hills.
We have an incredibly
complicated accounting system.
Depreciation schedules on
hundreds of different items.
Full-time and
contract employees.
Department of Defense
classified accounts.
It's a numerical shitstorm.
I'll need to see
all those books
for the past 10 years.
Bank statements, complete list
of clients and vendors.
Hard copies printed out,
my eyes only.
All the information's
right here.
ED:
Okay, well, well, look.
This all came to my attention
only last week.
Now, a junior cost accountant
stuck her nose
where it didn't belong...
and obviously had no idea
what she was looking at.
Lamar's overreacting.
There's no missing money.
How long have you been CFO
of this company, sir?
15 years.
I need the books
for the past 15, please.
You're awful goddamn blunt!
I'm Lamar Blackburn's
oldest friend.
I've been by his side
since he was turning out
RC robots that
RadioShack called crap.
I wouldn't take a dime
without his say-so.
You're angry.
Oh, this is bullshit.
Unusual way of making
contact with you, Mr. Wolff.
You were recommended
by Mansoor Haqqani.
We custom-made prosthetics
for his youngest daughter.
You may know that she lost
both legs to a car bomb
outside his
investment firm in Lahore.
He told my brother, Lamar,
that you were nothing
short of supernatural.
Mr. Haqqani holds
advanced degrees
in mathematics
from Cambridge...
and Caltech.
Why does a man
like that need you?
I don't discuss
client business.
[EXHALES]
[INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS]
What do you suppose
that young man
is thinking right now?
"Why do I still feel my arm?"
I don't know.
"How did everything
go so wrong, so fast?"
"It's cold.
Turn up the heat."
Christian Wolff,
I presume.
Mr. Blackburn.
Lamar.
Come with me.
Are you aware
of Living Robotics'
three income streams?
Consumer electronics,
next generation prosthetics,
unmanned
military applications.
Prosthetics division showed
tremendous growth
over the last 10 years.
It seems to have matured.
Consumer products is your
highest source of revenue...
followed closely by
Defense Department contracts
and prosthetics
at two and three.
Yeah. [CHUCKLES]
You are well informed.
I never married.
Never had kids.
This company is my child.
That said, money has
never been a motivation.
Balance sheets,
profit and loss statements...
My mind doesn't function
the way yours must.
I need you to be my
eyes and ears, Chris.
Whatever you need
to do your job,
you let me know.
I'll start in the morning.
[CHUCKLES]
Son of a bitch.
[SCOFFS]
Bloody hell.
Excuse me?
Who the fuck
do you think you are?
Do you know
who the fuck I am?
BRAX: Simon Dewey.
Founder, CEO, Dewey Capital.
American. Shocking.
I have kidnap insurance.
You obviously know that.
Sorry, but how in the world
would I know
that you have kid...
You people
fucking amaze me...
[GASPS, COUGHS]
When you interrupt
somebody like that,
it makes them feel...
that you're just
not interested
in what they have to say.
Or maybe you just think
what you have to say
is more important than
what I have to say.
Is that what you think?
That gun makes you
a big man, does it, hmm?
[LAUGHS]
This gun? Simon, come on.
I'm part of a small
but potent department
of a private security force.
We have a client,
let's call it
a European
manufacturing concern.
You're shorting their stock,
but simultaneously...
you're spreading
false rumors regarding
the health of the company.
The resulting decline
in the stock price,
it's made you your millions...
but it's been
at my client's expense.
They have been forced to cut
hundreds of jobs, Simon.
These are third-generation
metal workers,
people with families.
Pensions are being rendered
worthless because of you.
But you'll stop now.
Correct?
Which company?
Wrong answer, Simon.
Look, genius...
[GROANS, COUGHS]
That's the same spot,
Simon.
Why you gonna let me hit you
in the same exact spot?
I only meant...
we hold short positions
on dozens of companies.
Shit, son.
I suppose you're spreading
false information
about more than one company.
If that's what you're doing,
you're just gonna have to
stop shorting them all.
That's ridiculous.
I can't be expected to...
[GROANING]
Ooh, I know.
[SHUSHING]
All right, get your chin up,
Simon. No pouting on my watch.
You're a man. You just...
You're a man in your own way.
[GROANING]
All right.
I'm an avid reader
of the
Journal...
so I expect the cooperation
to be reflected there.
[PANTING]
Simon?
Are we good?
Yeah?
[CHUCKLES]
Attaboy, Simon.
Proud of you.
[DOOR BANGS LOUDLY]
[EXHALES]
[CLEARS THROAT]
Oh, hello.
Good morning. Oh, shit.
Hi.
Hi.Um, um...
I'm Dana Cummings.
You're the consultant?
Mr. Wolff?
Chris.Hi, Chris, then. Um...
I'm Dana.
Cummings.
Yes. Um...
These are all the
files you wanted.
I cross-referenced them
by year and alphabetically,
so...
Must have taken you
all night.
It sure did. [CHUCKLES]
Hmm.
Right.
So...
What do you want,
Dana Cummings?
Oh. Mr. Blackburn, um...
Sorry, he said I should...
I'm the person who
first noticed the missing...
What I think was
the missing money.
Yes, I understand.
I'll find it.
Yeah. I thought we could...
have lunch...
I brought my own lunch.
No...
I bring my own lunch, too.
I can answer any
questions that you have...
I have no questions.
Yeah, okay. Yeah, you wanna...
make your own assessment.
Yes, thank you!
Okay. Um...
I'm in accounting
if you need anything.
There's, uh...
some donuts
there for you.
I don't eat donuts.
Okay.
REPORTER:
Mr. Secretary!
TREASURY SECRETARY:
Yes, Helen.
Sir, there's been
speculation...
that your ability to link
banks in South Florida
to money laundering
efforts of terrorists...
are actually the result of
a whistleblower or the NSA.
Care to comment?
Let me turn this over to
the head of my task force...
Financial Crimes Director,
Raymond King.
[REPORTERS CLAMORING]
Folks, there's no
great mystery here.
Nothing fancy.
Just team effort...
comprised of long hours of
good old-fashioned
investigative work.
Questions?
[REPORTERS CLAMORING]
REPORTER:
Could you answer
the whistleblower question?
[PHONE VIBRATING]RAY:
No.
Hey, Sorkis,
give me something.
SORKIS:
I matched the face i
your Antwerp photo
to surveillance video
in NYPD database.
MARYBETH:
Wait, wait, wait
NYPD? What did you find?
2006. Your guy takes out
two Mob enforcers...
with a steak knife
he lifted off
an Italian restaurant
down the street.
Then he strolls into
a den of stone-cold killers
and goes on a
seven-man killing spree...
using their own weapons.
Headshot, headshot,
headshot.
MARYBETH:
Sorkis, stop.
A den of stone-cold killers?
Where is this?
The Ravenite. Headquarters
of the Gambino crime family.
He killed Anthony
"Little Tony" Bazzano.
Forensics lists cause of death
as blunt force trauma.
Your boy kicked him
in the head... once.
Again. Play it again.
MOBSTER 1:
Hey, hey, hey!
[GRUNTS]
What the fuck?
[CHOKES]
DON:
Wait! I gotta call it in!
I've also got
an audio file here.
Inside of the Ravenite
was bugged.
LITTLE TONY:
Come on.
Please.
SORKIS:
That's Little Tony.
LITTLE TONY:
I'm fucking begging you.
I didn't touch him!
I didn't touch that old man!
MARYBETH:
Okay, get me
that recording ASAP.
LITTLE TONY:
I wasn't even...
[GROANS]
M.B...
you're an analyst
for Treasury.
What the hell
you got yourself into?
[PEOPLE CHATTERING]
What do you have to hit
to dent a steel thermos?
It's just old.
How did you, um, get into
financial consulting?
[SIGHS] Department of Labor
statistics indicate
it's one of the
fastest-growing professions.
Actuarial sciences
are experiencing
tremendous growth as well.
Okay.
I like the balance of it.
You know, I like finding
things that aren't obvious.
Plus, my dad
was an accountant.
He actually...
You know, he had
the whole shtick.
The, uh...
You know, the little
amortization book
and the green eyeshade
and...
the dorky pocket
protector and...
I have a pocket protector.
That's a nice one. I mean,
his was dorky, that's...
Yours is nice.
Um, but he convinced me
to go into the field.
Because I wanted to
study art
at the Art Institute
of Chicago...
[SIGHS]
but art doesn'
pay the mortgage.
"Art doesn't pay
the mortgage, young lady."
Dad's tastes ran more
to
Dogs Playing Poker.
I like
Because dogs would
never bet on things...
and so it's incongruous.
I like incongruity.
Yeah,
Dogs Playing Poker
is
nice. It's just sort of a...
Just different.
So I studied
accounting at the
University of Chicago,
where fun goes to die.
Why?
Why what?
Why does fun go to die
at the University of Chicago?
Oh, no,
it's just an expression.
I'm joking.
[CHUCKLES]
Right.
Um, I'll leave you to it.Okay.
Let me know if you need
anything while you're here.
Have a nice day.
DANA: Yes. You, too.
[BLOWS]
CHRIS:
Explain the 376,109...
6,500,000... 6,008,000...
[CHRIS MURMURING]
Accounts receivable,
earnings before interest...
tax, depreciation,
administrative expenses...
[CONTINUES MURMURING]
100,644,000...
Hydraulic sync systems,
aluminum bar supplies,
techmod fitting,
stable joints...
[CONTINUES MURMURING]
LITTLE TONY:
Please.
I'm fucking begging you.
I didn't touch him!
I didn't touch that old man!
I wasn't even...
[GROANS]
[SIGHS]
Okay.
Give me something.
LITTLE TONY:
[DISTORTED]
Please.
...fucking begging...
I didn't touch him!
I didn't touch that old man!
I wasn't even...
[GROANS]
[SIGHS]
Come on, come on,
come on.
LITTLE TONY:
...begging you.
I didn't touch him!
I didn't touch that old man!
[SIGHS HEAVILY]
[DISTORTED]
CHRIS:
Born on a Monday
Christened on Tuesday
Married on Wednesday
Solomon Grundy
Born on a Monday
Christened on Tuesday
Married on Wednesday
Solomon Grundy
Come in! Come in,
come in, come in.
You have to see this.
Look at this.
[STUTTERS]
It's gonna blow you away.
I mean, it'll just
jump right out at you.
There it is.
Uh-huh.
Living Robotics,
10 years ago.
Earnings before interest,
tax, depreciation.
$14,495,719.
Nine years ago...
earnings before tax
and depreciation...
revenues go up,
profits go down.
Down? No large
capital expenditures
dragging profits down.
No spike in raw materials
or labor costs.
Year eight, profits
and revenue both go up,
but not in a
commensurate fashion.
X no longer equals Y.
Six, five, four, three.
You're making money...
but there's a leak.
And the leak is...
Leak, where's the leak?
Here.
Slewitt Manufacturing.
I've signed these checks.
Who authorized it?Ed.
Mr. Chilton. They make
electronic assemblies
for the consumer division.
No, they don't.
Look at this.
You notice anything?
Second number
in each is a three.
Yes.
Most people, when
generating random numbers
tend to rely
subconsciously on certain...
patterns.Patterns, yeah.
[BOTH CHUCKLE]Yes.
I was right!You were right.
[BOTH LAUGH]
Yeah.
I went through these
ledgers for months,
and I got through
one fiscal year.
You went through
15 overnight?
That's not even
the best part.
The best part is,
they're routing money
to a company
that doesn't exist.
And yet, profits go up.
And they continue going up.
Absolutely makes no sense.
BOTH: Where's the money
coming from?
Exactly!
Um, it's not inventory?
Inventory turns. No.
Chargebacks to vendors?
No. Perfectly in order.
Internal offsets?
No. That's a terrible idea.
[CHUCKLES] Um...[DOOR OPENS]
[CHRIS CLEARS THROAT]
Cummings, you're needed in...
whatever area I'm paying you
to be needed in.
Sorry.
And?
[SIGHS, MUMBLES]
$61,679,000.
And some change.
Who did it? Best guess.
I don't guess.
You'll have a report for me?
When I'm finished, yes.
BRAX:
Hey, Ed.
What the...
We're having
lemon merengue pie.
Those two bottles of insulin.
You know, I just thought...
that you would appreciate me
treating you like
an adult, right?
So here's what I got.
[EXHALES]
You administer
your own accidental
insulin overdose,
and just...
die.
But do it with dignity.
Your wife,
who's sleeping upstairs,
she'll be
the beneficiary...
of what's gotta be
a very generous
insurance policy,
am I right?
But the only way she's gonna
collect on that policy, Ed...
is if we have the appearance
of an accident.
If we lay our hands on you,
you're gonna fight, squeal.
She wakes up,
my hands are tied.
One accidental death is
just that, but two, no.
I'll have no choice.
I'll have to rock and roll
a home invasion...
violate your wife
a dozen different ways...
kill you both,
burn the place to the ground.
I'm sorry for that.
Ed, Ed, Ed?
Hey, nobody's gonna
violate your wife, okay?
Aside from
what that would say
about me as
a human being...
physiologically
it's a non-starter.
Sometimes I think
I just say shit,
sample what comes out
of my mouth.
I will, however,
park a .45 in her brainpan.
I honor my commitments.
It's a concept you
and your sticky fingers
probably find hard to grasp.
[WHIMPERING]
Make a decision, sir.
Where are you going?
Sir?
Stop that. Why are you
doing that? Stop that.
Sir? Sir? What are you doing?
Excuse me?
Mr. Chilton passed away.
I was told to
clean up the room.
What's happening?
Can you give us
a minute, please?
This is the balance
of your contract.
I understand you're upset...Yes, I'm upset.
I haven't finished yet.
Yes, you have.
Ed was a diabetic
for 30 years.
You think he didn't know
how to check his blood sugar?
Whatever unresolved
issues remain...
my friend was poisoned
enough by them
to take his own life.
As far as I'm concerned,
whatever he did is forgiven.
Please. I need to
finish, please.
Sorry, I'll come back.No, no, come in, dear.
We're done.
You're very good, Mr. Wolff.
But I hope our paths
never cross again.
I'm responsible for the death
of my best friend.
I'd prefer not to be
reminded of it.
Do you think that's true?
That Mr. Chilton
killed himself...
I mean, do you think
we're responsible?
It's very hard
for me to interpret
why people do what they do.
I'm not finished.
I'm not finished with this.
I mean, look...
Look at this.
See, cost reports.
This is out of order.
They completely
rearranged this.
I don't...
I'm not finished.
I'm not finished...
[SIGHS]
Bye, Chris.
[ROCK MUSIC PLAYING]
[GRUNTS]
[GRUNTING]
[CONTINUES GRUNTING]
[PANTING]
[BEEPING]
YOUNG CHRIS:
No! Mom! Mom!
Mom! Mom! Mom!
Why is Mom leaving?
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[ALARM BEEPING]
[COWS MOOING]
PENCAK SILAT MASTER:
Again.
[YOUNG BRAX AND
YOUNG CHRIS GRUNTING]
[ALL GRUNTING]
Again.
[GRUNTING]
Enough.
They're not done.
Tomorrow is another day.
They have done their best.
If that were true,
you'd be covered
in blood and snot,
not them.
Keep going.
Aggression,
correctly channeled,
overcomes a lot of flaws.
Tapping into that
aggression requires...
peeling back several
layers of yourself.
It's my job to know
my sons' limitations.
Get up.
It's your job to peel.
Do your job.
On your feet.
[SPEAKING INDONESIAN]
PENCAK SILAT MASTER:
Again!
THUG:
We could hav
went to his house,
shot him in his home.
And we'd be
on a plane by now.
Or on a security camera,
or some nosy
neighbor's iPhone.
[SCOFFS]
[GUN COCKS]
Call the bookkeeper in.
[DOLORES SNIFFLES]
[STUTTERS] He's just too far.
He won't hear.
Now.Let's go.
Get up. Come on.
[DOLORES SOBS]
Move!
Come on, come on, come on.
[WAILS]
[SHOUTS] Christian!
Chris!
Again! Louder!
[GUNSHOT][SCREAMS]
Up! Up!
[WHIMPERS]
No, no! Please!
What the fuck?
Dolores!
[SOBBING]
She's coming with me.
No, no, stop!
Leave her be!
[GUNSHOTS][SHOUTS]
[CONTINUES SOBBING]
We're all going together.
Pull that truck around back.
Let's go! Let's go!
Let's move!
Come on! Drive!
Drive now!
[SCREAMS]Jesus fucking Christ!
[SOBBING]
God damn it!
Son of a bitch!
[DOLORES SCREAMING]
[CHRIS GRUNTING]
[GROANS]
What the fuck?
[GRUNTING]
[PANTING]
When I say the name
of your employer,
you say "yes."
Practice.[CHOKING]
Yes.
Camorra.
Juarez.
Gambino.
Do you understand the rules?
[CHOKING] My left pocket.
Kill you both.
That's all I know.
[WHIMPERS]
WOMAN:
Hello, dreamboat.
CHRIS:
Dana's in danger.
Kill Christian Wolff,
transfer all domestic
accounts overseas.
Current vehicle?
F-150.
Virus to triple Z?
Wipe everything.
WOMAN:
Done. In the DOT
database now.
Reassigning
the license and VIN.
I have George Boole or
Charles Babbage in the queue.
Boole. Obviously.
Silly of me. What else?
She is not your problem.
Straight to the trailer,
hook it up, and disappear.
There's no time.
Only the trailer.
Address and phone number.
Get it.
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
[TIRES SCREECHING][HORN HONKING]
She's not answering.
[GASPS]
[SHUSHING]
Could have used
the small box.
Well, she looked
bigger in the photo.
[LAUGHS][DANA GRUNTS]
[YELLS]
God!
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[DANA SCREAMS]
[GRUNTS][MAN YELLS]
God damn!
Bitch!
Fuck.
[GUNSHOTS][YELLS]
[GRUNTS]
We should go.
[WHIMPERING]
BRAX: Since when are
accountants difficult
to ventilate?
Dead? [CHUCKLES]
Christ! What'd he do,
hit him over the head
with an adding machine?
Oh, God.
[SIGHS]
All right, just put me
in touch with the client.
I'll handle this
accountant myself.
Running isn't
an option for me.
I can't just
walk out on my life!
We have to go to the police.
That's what normal,
taxpaying people do!
Police can't protect you
from someone
who can afford to
return $61 million.
Return? What are you
talking about, "return"?
The money was being
put back.
Stay here.
What are you doing in here?
Who are you?
You can't...
You should not be here.
Sit down. Sit right there.
What is this place?
PanAmerica, Airstream.
34 feet 7 inches long...
8 feet 5 inches wide.
Dimensions which are perfectly
adequate for one person.
Preferable, even.
This is where you live?
No, I don't live here.
This is a storage unit.
That would be weird.
That's what would be weird?
I'd like to spend
more time here.
However, I'm afraid some of
my clients might follow me.
Why would your clients
follow you?
You're an accountant!
How do you know
what to do here?
Why are you prepared
for this?
Plus, this is on wheels...
which means I can hook it up
and be gone in 12 minutes.
Usually.
Sarcasm? Is that sarcasm?
No, that's not sarcasm.
I don't use sarcasm.
It's irritation.
Everything in
the world that is
important to me
is in this trailer.
And right now,
changing my routine
for you
is jeopardizing that.
Tell me that's not
an original Pollock.
We should go.
Now.
[CELL PHONE VIBRATES]
Medina.MAN:
Miss Medina?
This is Gordon Amundson with
the FBI Language Services.
Uh, yeah. Any luck?
It's an unusual audio file.
Solomon Grundy is a nursery
rhyme circa mid-1800s.
Your voice has four of
the six intonation patterns
we use to define
American English.
That's difficult to
confirm with a rhyme.
Out of curiosity, was your
subject a trauma victim?
Um, why do you ask that?
Well, you indicated
on your submission...
that this event occurred in a
high-stress environment?
Yeah. Exceptionally.
That's interesting.
The verse was repeated a total
of four and a half times...
with zero variation
in pitch, span, tempo,
volume or
articulatory precision.
So what does that
mean exactly?
Well, we often see this type
of repetitive chanting...
in children who have
been exposed to trauma...
or persons with
neurodevelopmental disorders.
Neurodevelopmental disorders?
Fragile X syndrome, autism.
Okay, so...
let's say I was
looking at mugshots.
How would that
present itself?
What exactly would I be
looking for?
Fragile X... Elongated face,
protruding ears,
poor muscle tone.
Autism's nearly impossible
to identify visually.
The traits are behavioral...
Difficulty with social
interaction, communication...
lack of eye contact.
MARYBETH:
Lack of eye contact.
[SIGHS] Okay.
Good luck to you.
Thanks.
[SIGHS]
[INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS]
DANA: None of this
makes sense.
Why go through
the trouble of skimming
the money if you're
gonna put it back?
CHRIS: Over the
last two years...
the number of invoices
submitted by
Slewitt Manufacturing
declined.
DANA: Scared of
getting caught?
Price hikes?
Prices of consumer electronics
go down, not up.
Right, down, yeah. Um...
I can't afford this.
I know. My treat.
IRS AGENT:
In the US, 104 men...
last name any
standard derivation
of your mathematician,
Carl Gauss...
reported over $500,000 in
any of the last seven years.
MARYBETH:
Okay
Go a million plus.
IRS AGENT: 17.
MARYBETH: Of the 17,
how many between
the ages of 25 and 45?
IRS AGENT: Four.
Of those four...
only one has
an income stream
that's cash heavy
or easily laundered.
And he...
died three years ago.
[SIGHS]
What's this?
It's names of the 100
most famous mathematicians.
Look, we know
what we're doing now.
So just enter the names,
narrow down the search
right off the bat.
Male, Caucasian...
25 to 45,
earning a million plus.
No investment income.
He'll concentrate on cash.
What's in it for me?
Look, if you help me
find him,
I'll see what I can do about
getting you outta here.
Please.
Single earner
or filing jointly?
Hey, those paintings
in your trailer...
They're real, right?
Yes.
You didn't buy them
at auction, did you?
They're a form of payment.
Right.
Hey.
Thank you.
At my apartment.
Oh.
Yeah.
Can we sit down
for a second?
Yeah. Okay.
Just...
Sit.
[CLEARS THROAT]
How do you, um...
know...
how to...
My father was
an officer in the Army.
Psychological Operations.
He was concerned
that I might be
taken advantage of somehow...
so he arranged for me
to train with
a number of specialists
throughout my childhood.
We lived in 34 homes
in 17 years.
You moved 34 times?Mmm-hmm.
God. That's extraordinary.
No, I'm sure it must've
been difficult but...
I haven't been anywhere.
Well, Cancun.
Not my proudest moment.
Um...
I just mean...
your life is... unique.
It's not unique.
I have a high-functioning
form of autism...
which means I have
an extremely narrow focus...
and a hard time
abandoning tasks
once I've taken them up.
I have difficulty
socializing
with other people,
even though...
I want to.
When I was a senior
in high school,
I wanted this
special dress for prom.
I told myself that spending
$100 on a trashy dress
that I was gonna
wear one time...
to an event that I thought
was silly in the
first place, was...
Wasteful.
Yes.
But Vera Wang made this
black, strapless classic.
It was more expensive,
but you could wear it to
all kinds of future events.
It was an investment.Yes.
Where were you
when I was in high school?
Oh, North Carolina, Israel.
Right. Um...
The problem was
they wanted $1700
for this dress
and I didn't have that, so...
You asked your parents?No.
Hang on.
Blackjack. I'd never
played a hand...
but I went to the library
and I checked out
all these books on strategy.
And I turned the
Naperville North math club
into a little Vegas.
What's a math club?Math club?
You compete against
other schools.
Theory and speed math.
Like, what's 298,567
times 92?
27,468,164.
[CHUCKLES]
Right. Um...
Blackjack.
I could tell you when to hit,
stand, split, re-split.
I moved on to card counting,
shuffle tracking,
hole carding.
And I took everything I had,
which was $183...
and I drove down to
Harrah's in Joliet.
Why was this dress
so important to you?
It wasn't about the dress.
I just wanted to
walk into the gym
and have everybody say "Wow!"
I was trying to... belong.
I was trying to connect.
I think no matter
how different we are,
we're all trying to
do the same thing.
Um, but I lost all but $20
in the first 10 minutes.
I fed that into a nickel slot
on the way out...
and I won two grand.Hmm.
I used the extra cash
to pay for a limo.
Only wore the dress
the one time.
Chris, why are we here?
Um...
I thought this hotel had
good water pressure.
The Holiday Inn Express
in Aurora
has good water pressure.
Yes, but, uh, these towels
are very fancy.
Cheaper hotels
have scratchy towels.
And...
I wanted you to like it.
Crazy Eddie
and the Panama Pump.
Crazy Eddie Antar
Have you ever heard of...
What?
Crazy Eddie Antar.
He owned a string
of electronic stores
in New York City in the 80s.
Crazy Eddie Antar,
he started stealing
almost as soon as
he opened business.
Okay, I'm not following.
He deposited money
in Tel Aviv...
and then he cycled it
through Panama
and put it back
into his stores.
Okay. Why take it out
and put it back?
Well, initially he was
just stealing
in garden-variety
tax evasion...
but then he came up with
a better idea.
You see, by taking
his own money,
stealing it, and putting it
back on his books...
He was raining cash.
He took the company public
at $8 a share.
A year later,
it was trading at $75.
Rita's taking
Living Robotics public.
Yes.
But why would she
hire you in the first place
if she thought
you would figure it out?
I don't know.
I'll have to ask her.
WOMAN:
Whatever
Rita's involvement,
it's not your concern.
You disappear,
I make a call.
Please. I worry about you.
If I don't do something,
Dana will die.
Risking your life for a girl
you've known a week.
Why?
Heavy sigh.
What's the plan?
Find the person
who wants to kill her.
And?
Shoot them in the head.
[CAR ALARM BLARING]
[SIRENS WAILING
AT A DISTANCE]
Last one.
Wolff, two "F"s,
Christian.
245 men.
Four with incomes
over a million.
All over the age
of 60. Sorry.
Right.
[SIGHS]
Your guy's an accountant.
Two Christian Wolffs
own CPA firms.
The first
Christian Wolff owns...
Wolff Accounting.
121 South Street,
Scottsdale, Arizona.
Income of 435 grand.
It's a good year.
So good, we audited him
two years ago.
He's clean.
The other Christian Wolff...
Nope.
Only 75 grand.
ZZZ Accounting.
Wabash Way,
Plainfield, Illinois.
ZZZ.
I mean, it's not exactly
a smart Yellow Pages move.
Wait a second.
Who filed the returns
for Kim's Nails,
Wabash Way, Plainfield?
ZZZ Accounting. Could
just be the neighborly...
Great Mandarin, Wabash.
ZZZ Accounting.
Paul's Laundromat.
BOTH: ZZZ Accounting.
Tell me they're all
registered as partnerships.
Every one.
Managing partner...
Christian Wolff.
[CHUCKLES]
Christian Wolff.Come in.
Christian Wolff
last year ran $75,543...
through his accounting firm.
Whoa. Who is Christian Wolff?
The accountant.
[MUMBLES]
75 grand?
That's chump change.Agreed.
But he ran another $287,765
through Kim's Nails...
$445,112 through
Great Mandarin Chinese,
and you'll love this...
$505,909 through
Paul's Laundromat.
Paul's Laundromat?
Are you fucking kidding me?
He's playing with us.
He can't clean
that kind of money
through an accounting firm.
The paper trail's too heavy.
So he's laundering it
through cash businesses.
All of those are in the same
strip mall south of Chicago.
ZZZ?
I mean, he doesn't care
about the traffic.
It's a front. All of it.
Christian Wolff, Carl Gauss,
Lou "Lewis" Carroll.
He's using the names
of famous mathematicians
as a cover.
Charitable contributions here
to Harbor Neuroscience.
Last year alone,
that's gotta come
to close to...
$1,000,100.
That one's not a cover.
That's the real deal.
I checked.
So you're telling me
this guy risks his life...
doing forensic accounting
for some of
the scariest people
on the planet...
collects his fee,
goes to all the trouble
of laundering it...
and then gives almost
all of it away?
What if he's taking other
means of payment?
Yeah, possible. Yeah.
I caught him, Ray.
Maybe.
Pack a bag.
We're going to Chicago.
[SIGHS]
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
CHRIS' FATHER:
90% probability
they're all right-handed.
[SPEAKING FRENCH]
Up to me,
I'd snap four right wrists.
But maybe you enjoy waiting
on a schoolyard sucker punch.
Life is a series of choices,
none of which are new.
The oldest is
choosing to be a victim.
Or choosing not to.
Second oldest... Loyalty.
Family first,
good times or bad.
[BOYS CHATTERING]
Bonjour,
fellas.
[BOYS SPEAKING FRENCH]
They're only glasses.
You think if you
don't fight back
then maybe they'll like you.
Stop picking on you,
calling you "freak."
Well, here's what it is.
They don't like you,
they don't dislike you.
They're afraid of you.
You're different.
Sooner or later,
"different" scares people.
[BOYS LAUGHING,
SPEAKING FRENCH]
Victim or not?
Make a decision.
[YOUNG CHRIS GRUNTS]
Go.
[ALL GRUNTING]
CHRIS'S FATHER:
You're different.
Sooner or later,
"different" scares people.
FBI AGENT:
In here.
.357 Colt Python.
Serial number's gone.
Hydra-Shoks.
Wireless security cam.
Infrared, weatherproof.
He's got a network of 'em.
Whole back yard's got eyes.
This is our guy.
So why does a guy who's
up to his elbows
in cash live here?
Given his clientele,
he figures blending in
will extend his shelf life.
It's the smart move.
Well, maybe not
smart enough.
High-tech security
cameras back here...
anybody could
roll up in the front.
How does he cover this?
Jesus, Mary and Joseph.
Don't see that every day.
BRAX:
Boys, let's have
a situation report.
We good, Ike?
All clear.
BRAX:
Rock and roll.
And how about you, sport?
It's Bobby.
I got nothing.
MAN:
Okay, yeah, I'm gettin
a feed on the camera now.
Move it to the left side.
LAMAR:
Is all thi
really necessary?
You should be
watching his home.
Yeah? What you think?
That's your idea
on the subject?
Love it when people tell me
how to do my job.
I believe I recommended
you leave the country.
You declined.
He's an accountant!
I could see it in his eyes.
The freak wasn't
gonna let it go.
My best to Michelle.
I will.
[SIGHS]
[SIGHS HEAVILY]
I was old 10 years ago.
So what's your story,
Medina?
You know my story.
I know what the courts said.
Stuffed a handful of cocaine
up a drug dealer's nose...
pistol-whipped him
into the trunk of his car.
I was 17.
It was August.
He cooked for
three days, but lived.
Do you regret it?
The coke was half borax.
Same shit he kept
selling my sister.
She's a dental hygienist
in Annapolis now.
Married, three kids.
No, I don't regret it.
That's rough.
All due respect,
Director King...
what the fuck do you
know about "rough"?
[SCOFFS]
DON:
Wait
I gotta call it in!
RAY:
Move it!
You tell me, Medina.
[GUNSHOTS]
Men kill each other
for any number of reasons.
MOBSTER:
Bobby, you hear me?
RAY:
Money, power...
fear.
MOBSTER:
Right there,
motherfucker!
[GUNSHOTS][MOBSTER YELLS]
RAY:
Nine men would die
that day at the Ravenite...
but for none of those
reasons.
No, they'd taken something
from the man
who was killing them.
Something that couldn't be
made whole again.
Something very
important to him.
And he was there
for his pound of flesh.
LITTLE TONY:
Please!
Just fucking stop, man!
Just put the gun down!
RAY:
Little Tony Bazzano.
I'd been wedged
in a van for six months...
listening to that
arrogant little prick
belch, fart, and brag.
LITTLE TONY:
Please.
I'm fucking begging you.
RAY:
I didn't recognize his voice
with all the fear in it.
LITTLE TONY:
I didn't touch him!
I didn't touch that old man!
I wasn't even...
[GROANS]
RAY:
Our man ha
come for revenge.
And he got it.
Nine dead.
And I was 10.
Your name?[WHIMPERS]
Ray.
Raymond King.
Who employs you,
Raymond King?
I'm a Treasury agent.
Are you a good one?
No.
No, not particularly.
Is that it?
Kids, I got... I'm a dad.
I got two kids.
Grown?
Yeah.
Yes, yes, they're all...
They're all grown up.
Were you a good dad,
Raymond King?
Yeah. I've been a good dad.
I'm a lousy agent,
and I've been a weak man...
but that I didn't screw up.
That I got right.
[SOBBING]
Imagine you're
a Treasury agent...
approaching the twilight of
a spectacularly dismal career.
And then one day,
that break you should
have been looking for.
Francis Silverberg,
a black money legend.
Cleaned cash from Monte Carlo
to Havana to Vegas.
He cooked the books
for the Gambino family
for 40 plus years.
Until one day, the boss,
Big Tony Bazzano...
thought maybe
the old man's age
made him vulnerable
to prosecution.
Ordered his son
Little Tony to kill Francis.
Kid fucked it up.
Francis ran,
became a federal informant
in return for
protective custody.
Could have turned
my career around...
if only I'd listened.
I didn't.
He was processed out,
and he lost the only
protection he had.
DETENTION GUARD:
Stand clear of the gate.
RAY:
The protection tha
he was promised
when he testified
against Big Tony.
And this time,
Little Tony got it right.
He had Francis
in a couple hours.
[SCREAMING]
Down in a filthy basement
in the Bronx,
nailed to a chair...
[FRANCIS SOBBING]
tortured to death.
So I volunteered for
a joint task force.
Sat outside the Ravenite
in a surveillance van
for months...
hoping to get
a shred of evidence
to use against
Francis' killers.
DON:
Wait! Wait!
I gotta call it in!
Move it!
RAY:
I went in ther
hoping I could ease my guilt.
And I met our accountant.
Why he let me live,
I didn't know.
But he changed my life.
[SOBBING]
Gave my notice
at the Department.
I started looking forward
to the day again.
You know, feeling
the sun on my face.
Quit drinking.
Was on my way out the door...
and then the phone rang.
Ray King.
I'll never forget that voice.
WOMAN:
Do you like puzzles,
Raymond King?
She tells me she works
for the accountant.
And that a shipping
container
packed with
Chinese nationals...
is passing through
the Port of New York.
Few months later...
one ton of uncut Juarez cartel
product is entering Miami.
All those cases
you put together...
Smoke and mirrors.
[RAY SIGHS]
So who is he?
This accountant.
Prisoner 831.
Fort Leavenworth,
maximum security.
Military prison?
So he was in the Army?
RAY:
Army lent hi
to us to track
al-Qaeda money launderers.
He was transferred
from Leavenworth
to our detention center
in D.C.
Did the work of five men.
Data mining,
cluster analysis.
He roomed with Francis.
They kept to themselves,
played chess...
ate together, sat in the
TV room together.
They were inseparable.
And then one day,
a guard told Wolff...
why Francis hadn't called
or written since he got out.
That his burnt body
had been found
in a Staten Island landfill.
Wolff snapped,
went after the guard.
He fractured the man's skull
with a thermos.
Escaped from
a third-floor window.
Took the thermos.
That's all you got?
I mean, Leavenworth,
he'll have military records.
Records are all
heavily redacted.
Well, then arrest records,
something?
Spring of 2003,
at a funeral home
in Kankakee, Illinois.
Our boy sends six locals
to the hospital
with a variety of injuries.
No one knew Wolff.
The older man
who came with him
was identified as
a colonel, US Army.
A funeral home.
Whose wake?
One customer that day.
Mrs. Lauren Alton.
RAY:
Mrs. Alton taught
first grade for
13 years in Kankakee.
Survived by a husband
and two boys,
ages 12 and 10.
By all accounts,
an ordinary life,
well lived.
But cut short.
It'll be all right.
FUNERAL DIRECTOR:
Excuse me, sir, this is...
family only.
Sir, I'm going to ask you
to step outside.
RAY:
And then
a fight breaks out.
A brawl, really.
Over what, the authorities
never pinned down.
Get your hands...
[CHRIS GRUNTS][WOMAN SCREAMS]
Deputies respond.
A Barney Fife-type
squares off
with our boy, gets rattled,
pulls his gun.
The colonel just stepped
in front of 831.
Army collects both men.
Police report names
Wolff as "Soldier One."
And widower identified
the colonel by name.
His late wife's
former husband.
I checked.
It's an alias.
No more real than
"Christian Wolff."
She was the dead
colonel's ex-wife.
And you think Wolff
is what to him?
MARYBETH:
Were you a good dad...
Ray King?
I've given up trying to figure
out when I'll get a call.
The "why" though,
that I've got.
Someone breaks
his moral code.
[SCOFFS]
[SIGHS]
Why are you telling me this?
I'm retiring
in a few months.
When she calls...
somebody needs to be
there to answer.
No.
He's a criminal, Ray.
Yeah.
He aides and abets drug
cartels, money launderers.
He's a fucking killer.
Believe me, I wrestle
with the same decision.
But when I got
that first call...
I realized something.
[SIGHS]
I'd spent my whole life
only recognizing
my lucky breaks
after they were gone.
The Brit, who is she?
[PHONE RINGING]
Hello?
WOMAN:
Miss Medina.
Tell Eliot Ness to get
his feet off the furniture.
He's not in a barn.
Living Robotics.
Write it down.
BRAX:
North of six feet,
short hair,
athletic build, yes?
LAMAR:
Correct.
BRAX: But when
you say short hair...
you mean short hair
like my hair
or you mean
short hair like...
What's the difference?
I was told
you could fix this,
so fix it!
But you did speak
to the man, am I right?
You spoke to him?
What did he sound like?
I didn't make small talk.
What's it matter
what he sounded...
[RUMBLING]
That's Ike, right?
That's the north side?
MAN:
Yo, Bobby,
was that you?
Bob.
Bobby.
Ike, are you there?
Ike?
Guys, stop fucking around.
Someone answer me. Ike?
Pull was to the left.
You might consider
using a round
with a superior
ballistic coefficient.
Give me the layout
of the home.
Points of entry, corridors,
rooms, cover.
Go.
Fuck.
Sit down.What's this...
BRAX:
Shut up.
Sit down in the chair.
[SIGHS]
You ever see a match-grade
round traveling
3,000 feet per second
go through a window?
[GROANS][GLASS SHATTERING]
Nobody does.
Get down, now!
[MUFFLED GUNSHOTS]
Four men, front entrance.
Go right at him.
Go now.
You...
I got the cameras.
Go join your friends.
Up.
Clear.
Smoke.
[GUNSHOTS][MAN GROANS]
Go, go!
[GUNFIRE]
[GROANS]
Attack front entry!
Man down!
[GRUNTS]MAN:
Guys, talk to me.
[GROANS]
You got eyes on who it is?
Someone talk to me. Let me
know what the sitrep is.
[GUNFIRE]
[GROANS]
Are they dead?
MAN:
Give m
a situation report.
How many down?
Are they dead? Answer me!
Okay, he's on the roof.
Start forming up. Let's move.
Check skylights,
check windows.
That motherfucker comes in...
I wanna hear gunshots
and I wanna hear
"target eliminated."
That's enough.
He's in the goddamn house.
Get out there and end this!
MAN:
Brax, give m
a situation report.
Have you got
eyes on anything?
[PANTING]
[MEN GROANING]
[ALL GRUNTING]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[GUNSHOTS][CHRIS GRUNTS]
[GROANS]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[BOTH CONTINUE GRUNTING]
[BEEPING]
[GROANS]
[GRUNTS]
What's happening?
Say something!
[CHRIS PANTING]
[GRUNTS]
Solomon Grundy
Born on a Monday
Christened on Tuesday
Married on Wednesday
Sick on Thursday
Worse on Friday
Died on Saturday
Buried on Sunday
And that was the end
Of Solomon Grundy
What is this?
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
BRAX:
Hey! Hey!
Stand down!
Fuck off!
Hello, Braxton.
BRAX:
No, no.
Don't...
Don't do that.
Been looking for you
for 10 years...
and you're gonna come at me
like we just saw
each other yesterday?
That's what you're gonna do?
What did I... [CHUCKLES]
What'd I think?
[CHUCKLES]
That you were gonna be
happy to see me, I guess.
I am happy.
I need to finish.
You should go.
I should go?
Okay...
Okay, I'll just go.
But first, I'm gonna
ask you a question.
You're gonna give me
an answer.
Why would you and Pop
go to that funeral?
She left us.
Do you not remember that?
[BOTH GRUNTING]
It's your fault
that Pop's dead!
You hear me?
It's your fault!
I'm sorry, Braxton.Sorry?
Sorry doesn't cut it,
you weird fuck!
[BOTH CONTINUE GRUNTING]
[PANTING]
You don't give
a shit about me?
[GRUNTING]
How about now?
Are you gonna fight?
Fight!
[PANTING]
[BRAXTON YELLS]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
I'm sorry, Braxton.
If you had to see her...
If that was something
that you had to do...
you call me.
I'm your brother.
I've always had your back.
You don't call him,
you call me.
Did you even
wonder where I was?
I knew where you were.
I just wanted you
to be safe.
Some of my clients are...
quite dangerous.
I'm kinda considered
fairly dangerous myself.
Well, you've made
improvements.
[LAUGHS]
BRAX:
Shit, man.
You and me here...
What are the odds?
Statistically speaking...
Christ, man! It's rhetorical.
I mean, really? [LAUGHS]
I was just saying.
[DOOR OPENS]
Not happy.
Do you consider what
you do important, Mr. Wolff?
To someone other
than yourself, I mean?
What I do is.
Living Robotics'
public offering
would've been worth billions.
Money to be used
for neuroprosthetics,
nanotechnology.
You...
Why in God's name
did I ever hire you?
To leak-proof your books.
Dana found a mistake,
and you wanted to be sure
it was safe to go public.
And now
you want to kill her.
I'm fond of Dana.
But I restore lives,
not Dana! Me!
Men, women, children,
I give them hope.
Make them whole.
Do you even know
what that's like?
Yes, I do.[GUNSHOT]
Sorry.
I missed you.
"Missed you, too, Braxton."
[CHUCKLES]
"Missed you, too,
because I love you."
"You're my brother."
Maybe...
Do you want to...
Maybe I could
see you in a week?
You name the place.
I'll be there.
BRAX: How will I find you?
You won't.
I'll find you.
[REPORTERS CLAMORING]
There.
How do you respond
to rumors...
that some of the victims
have wounds
consistent with
anti-aircraft rounds?
I'd say the Chicago
Police Department has
ample experience solving
all manner of homicides.
[REPORTERS CLAMORING]
TREASURY SECRETARY:
Tom.
Sir, how are the conspiracy
and fraud charges...
related to the deaths
of Lamar Blackburn
and his sister, Rita?
This is a very
fluid situation...
with a lot of
surprising revelations
over the last 48 hours.
Let me introduce you
to the person
leading the investigation...
Agent Medina.
[REPORTERS CLAMORING]
REPORTER:
Agent Medina,
did you get
a clear indication...
[CLEARS THROAT] Um...
Good afternoon.
As much as I'd like to
take credit for this...
I can't.
Because this was
a team effort...
comprised of long hours of
good old-fashioned
investigative work.
Questions?
REPORTER 2: Can we get
more information...
WOMAN:
He was
just like our other two.
He was a happy baby.
Now he rarely speaks.
It's like our child
is missing. He's not there.
He's lost and
he needs our help.
We thought...
We hoped that
he would catch back up.
But he didn't.
NEUROLOGIST: One in 68
children in this country
are diagnosed with
a form of autism.
But if you can
put aside for a moment...
what your pediatrician
and all the other NTs have
said about your son...
MAN:
What? NTs?
NEUROLOGIST:
Neurotypicals.
The rest of us.
What if we're wrong?
What if we've been
using the wrong tests...
to quantify intelligence
in children with autism?
Your son's not less than.
He's different.
Now, your expectations for
your son may change over time.
They might include marriage,
children, self-sufficiency.
And they might not.
But I guarantee you...
if we let the world set
expectations for our children,
they'll start low...
and they'll stay there.
Maybe your son's capable
of much more than we know.
And maybe...
just maybe...
he doesn't understand
how to tell us.
Or...
we haven't yet learned
how to listen.
[JUSTINE GRUNTING]
Honey, for the hundredth time,
don't wander off like that.
I'm so sorry.NEUROLOGIST:
It's all right. It's fine.
Can he visit with you
for a while, Justine?
[GRUNTING]
Okay, good. Come on, folks.
I'll give you the nickel tour.
You okay with that?
MAN:
It's okay, hon. Come on.
NEUROLOGIST:
No, they'll be fine.
Justine's one of our
few full-time residents.
She stopped talking
30 years ago.
Communicates with
a digital translator now.
WOMAN:
Doctor
how is Harbor funded?
We're fortunate to have
very generous private donors.
MAN:
I'll say they're generous.
NEUROLOGIST:
Oh, why is that?
That woman, Justine...
Yeah, my daughter.
She's your daughter?
The reason I started
the institute.
Justine's computer,
it's a BX32.
Water cooled, 12 core.
NEUROLOGIST:
Oh, that's right
You're a software engineer.
Well, some of our donors are
more generous than others.
Why? Is that
a good computer?
MAN:
Good?
Doc, she could backdoor
the Pentagon with
that rig. [CHUCKLES]
Hello, dreamboat.
Shall we chat?
[COUNTRY MUSIC PLAYING]
♪ I cannot say
But I know you well
♪ Oh, but you can't
Lie to me
♪ With all these books
That you sell
[DOORBELL BUZZING]
♪ I'm not trying to follow you
To the end of the world
Hi.Hi.
Sign here, please.
♪ I was trying
To leave something behind
Thank you.
Thanks.You're welcome.
♪ Words have come
From men and mouth
♪ Oh, but I can't
Help thinking
♪ That I've hurt
The wrong crowd
♪ When all the water is gone
My job will be, too
♪ And I'm just trying
To leave something behind
♪ Oh, and money is free
♪ But love costs
More than a brick
[GASPS]
♪ And the ceiling is
Hard to reach
♪ And the future ahead
Is broken and rigged
[EXHALES]
♪ And I'm trying
To leave something behind
♪ This world
Is a foreign land
♪ We swallow the moon
♪ But we don't know
Our own hand
♪ We're running with a case
Oh, but we ain't got the gold
♪ And we're trying
To leave something behind
♪ Oh, my friends, l believe
We are at the wrong side
♪ And I cannot read
What I did not write
♪ I've been to his house
Oh, but the master is gone
♪ I was just trying
To leave something behind
To leave something behind ♪